draft updates reflecting the new term start & refined member expectations (#141)
ampproject/meta-ac: WORKING_MODE.md

## Membership

The duration of a term is one year. The year starts on November 1st, regardless of when a member joined the AC.

There is no limit to the number of terms a member can do.

> Two months before the end of the term year, members in "good standing" - those who have participated in meetings, email threads, and/or GitHub issues - will be asked to rejoin. Members are under no obligation to do so.

Reviewer: Would like to define "good standing" as met expectations given personal circumstances. Thoughts?

```suggestion
Two months before the end of the term year, members in "good standing"—those who have showed commitment to meeting [member expectations](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/blob/master/MEMBER_EXPECTATIONS.md) accounting for their personal and professional context—will be asked to rejoin. Members are under no obligation to do so.
```

## Representation

> Members are representing themselves, not their employer. For more information about AC Member Expectations, please see [Member Expectations](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/blob/master/MEMBER_EXPECTATIONS.md).

Reviewer: Let's avoid casing which leans towards legalese (and transactional relationships).

```suggestion
Members are representing themselves, not their employer. For more information about AC member expectations, please see [Member Expectations](https://github.com/ampproject/meta-ac/blob/master/MEMBER_EXPECTATIONS.md).
```
